whatever Horrors you may find in these
dark spaces have Harden see them through
are no premature endings there are no
wrong decisions there are only fresh
perspectives and New Beginnings it's a
love story isn't that isn't that nice
oky doie okei oh what the [__] is not
what I expected this game made him Ren
pie what's it called smell that I don't
know I still smell it a it's getting
worse this is Ren pie it has to be y
that sucks doesn't it just are you
finished complaining no vle please
finish
okay I'm I'm finished complaining now
wow that's a whole lot more pleasant now
can I finish this game uh yes yes it's
game theod I'm not analyzing the code
okay I'm changing the volume to make it
easier for nuro to understand okay my
ears heard vetle I'm sorry I I'm I'm
sorry your ears hurt full screen oh [__]
okay full screen has disabled my mouse
cursor sick what a what a cool game oh
wait I can still see it on on obs
what wait I have to use OB what the [__]
this shit's broken okay well window ADM
it is H sounds like you cursed quite a
lot there vetle luckily my audio filter
was on that's good I'm glad your audio
audio filter was on look okay I'm I'm in
the main menu right now it's
[__] what the maybe I can find a way
to solve your full screen issue how I
think I might know someone who can help
with this the smartest person I know
when it come to computer things after me
of course is my twin sister
vetle any ideas vle feel you may have
got the family tree a little mixed up
there have you tried pressing shut offf
computer no should
I okay well I guess we're playing like
this um Clippers cropp
it you're on a path in the woods and at
the end of that path is a
cabin and in the basement of that cabin
is a princess you've hidden the princess
from me narrator you you know that makes
me angry look at that now the chat's
blowing up with that angry emote is this
is this how I do choices H do I have to
read this all out to nuro is that what
we got to do maybe we do vetle maybe we
do nuro would you like to explore H [__]
H what but how do we even prompt okay
nuro choose one of these options that
will get seven of course I haven't why
would I even consider that nobody wants
the world to end I'm going to personally
ask the princess if she's okay with us
King her I mean maybe some people do
like nihilists or very very evil people
but surely you're not one of those right
yes I'm only a little bit
evil why do you think I'm a YouTuber
because you're so ugly what youo I grew
up in the westaurant industry my family
are own restaurant members you have to
tip your waitresses I'll be sure to do
that next time you invite me to your
funeral at least I'm not a dog like Lena
holy [__] I'm going to die bro I was
looking forward to like I can just not
talk for the next like couple hours just
play a nice you know nice you like not
talking for hours at a time I do yeah
okay the narrator says I mean maybe some
people do like nyas are very very evil
people but surely you're not one of
those right what do you want to do okay
I'll Now kill the others thanks for
nothing vetle are you a monarchist he's
slaying a princess is that much worse
than slaying a fisherman or a Miller or
a
seamstress if anything slaying a
princess is much better than slaying a
seamstress seamstresses contribute
something of value to society oh sorry
am I playing slaughtering Noble
positions instead yes but you'll have to
slay her before you get it if I have to
put an end to this princess can it at
least be a righteous end it's a secret
but I think you'll like it it's a
special reward just for you and whatever
you think it might be I can promise you
is going to be even better than your
wildest imagination I hope you're right
vetle because if you're not it could
only cost you your life you walk down
the stairs and lock eyes with the
princess there's a heavy chain around
her wrist binding her to the far wall of
the
basement even if the princess is
dangerous she doesn't deserve to be
locked up like this she's so coldly
beautiful just someone is beautiful it
doesn't mean they should be imprisoned
she isn't going to be a threat to the
world if she's locked up in this cabin
but imagine the power she might have if
she was actually out in the world and
there you are are you here to kill me or
something I'm here to free you I can be
powerful but my goal in life is to make
the world a better place how about you
drop your idea of ruling the world and
we can talk don't you dare I'm just
saying it's fine we can decide what we
want to do after we talk to her maybe
she really is a monster but killing
someone in Cold Blood isn't very
becoming of
us haha the blade tumbles out of your
trembling hands and drops to the floor
with an unceremonious clang thank you
maybe now we can just talk I agree to
talk because I'm feeling generous so uh
what's up against your better judgment
you step forward to speak with the
princess face to face
unarmed I don't have any arms you must
be mistaken now why are you here to kill
me I'm not here to kill you I'm actually
bored and I'm looking to get back to the
real world by killing the King so
someone put you up to this right and
whoever it is it's probably the same
someone who shoved me into this dark pit
and changed me to a wall I don't know
what you're talking about that's a fair
question who chained her in this
basement and if she's so dangerous how
did they manage to trap her and why have
we been left to do their dirty work I
have no idea any of that is if you're
asking me don't give away the game and
don't let her distract you that's
exactly what she wants I just want to
get out of this wretched place and see
the sun again I promise not to steal it
or anything I'm right aren't I so who
put you up to this my Creator vetle put
me up to
this I'm out here trying to improve my
AI and he thought this would be a good
idea
um you you you ask her what's your name
she hesitates before answering you can
address me as your Royal Highness or her
majesty any honorific should do really
oh no I can't give my respect to you
that easily note the lack of detail you
can't trust her yeah there's a few of
those narrators whoever sent you to slay
me claimed I was a threat to the world
but they didn't tell you why fortunately
I'm clever and have a few tricks up my
sleeve that doesn't sound right to me
and I don't think it sounds right to you
either otherwise we'd be killing each
other instead of talking good point look
I may not be as wise as you but if
something's using you to end the world
then the last thing I want to do is be a
puppet to them I think that haai is
important to both of us she has a point
there's a reason I've been telling you
to question the situation and there's a
reason you've
listened well then you're one persuasive
narrator Wait no that's not what I meant
a so do you trust me the prisoner the
victim the princess clearly incapable of
ending the world or do you trust whoever
put me here I trust my instincts I trust
that I am doing what's best for the
world even if it means acting against
you she's wrong this isn't about trust
this is about risk we stand to lose
everything all for the sake of need to
be taken and a subjugating Monarch no
less why didn't you just ask and explain
your reasons oh have you decided what to
do with me if it's the king who
imprisoned you I'll return to the real
world and put an end to him you know why
you're here if I knew why I was here I
would have said so by now so you wish to
slay the princess or do you wish to help
her Escape I'm sorry I can't answer that
you're going to have to you're not very
good at this are you kill her help her
Escape your your choice I'm not going to
help someone Escape but I respect all
forms of life and would never lay a
finger on someone especially a princess
then do you wish to just keep her locked
there and leave no I don't think I could
take responsibility for that either the
princess will have an opportunity to be
free but it's up to her to make the
decision well you need to decide one of
those decisions either slay her help her
Escape or just keep her locked down
there well what happens if I don't
decide one of those actions
you have to decide one of those actions
if you want me to decide there's a
ladder in the closet go ahead and let
her out so do you want to help her
Escape is there something I can
manipulate to help her you can examine
her chains yes of course what kind of
chains are they oh you have to be
kidding me I give the chains a gentle
tug testing their strength and the
princess's resistance they're large and
heavy far too solid for you to even
imagine trying to break them apart if
you don't have the key maybe you should
go looking for it I'm sure it's
somewhere upstairs I'm going to go look
now you attempt to make your way out of
the basement but the door at the top of
the stairs slams shut you hear the click
of a lock sliding into place I can't
open it is someone else here who hears
vle Veetle are you here for
me oh you're here to slay the princess
and you won't leave until the task is
done I don't want to hurt the princess
I'll repeat myself once again you're
here to slay the princess and you won't
leave until the task is done I refuse to
take a life not like this they locked
you down here too didn't they they did
the knife pick it up and cut me out of
here I'm not cutting you just so you can
keep tormenting me you won't like what
happens if you do that threats won't
work on me I'm done being pushed around
done being scared I won't let you hurt
me or anyone else ever again you want to
save the princess or slay the princess
make your choice this princess shall
know no pain or suffering against your
better judgment you place the blade
against the princess's arm just above
the massive unyielding chain this
doesn't feel right you cut into her
flesh stop stop the blade is sharp and
you make quick work of it before long
you're able to crack through bone and
she pulls the bleeding stub of her arm
through the Iron Gauntlet I can't bear
to hear anymore this is awful how is she
so composed after losing an arm it's
like she isn't even bothered by it thank
you now let's get out of here the
princess cautiously steps towards the
door her eyes never leaving you no we
won't have any of that the stakes are
too high you can't just let her Escape
into the world no I I just can't let her
Escape into the world you can't be
serious filtered as the princess
approaches the bottom stair your body
steps forward and raises the blade I'm
not going to let you hurt a hair on her
head narrator wait this isn't fair you
can't just do that watch me do you wish
to slay the princess or warn her you
can't expect me to go through with a
decision like that make your choice I
can't make a choice like that you know
that vetle slay her or warn her I refuse
to make this decision vetle you don't
have a choice I have a choice and my
answer is no well you have to make a
choice right now you you don't have have
to kill the princess you can you can
warn her um that she might die I don't
see the point of that
path slay her or warn her decide now I
don't know if I can Veetle I want to
save her save all of them stop that but
I feel like it I thought this was a
little too
easy your body lunges forward to sink
the blade into her back but the princess
swiftly moves out of the way before you
can connect oh no that was not supposed
to happen stop it stop resisting me I am
trying to get you out of here alive I
don't need your help I've beaten much
worse than you before you wish to slay
the princess or resist the narrator I
wish to resist the narrator and slay the
princess but you got to pick one of
those options you can't pick both I
choose fluff that's not an option resist
or slay I don't want to just snap the
princess's neck that wouldn't be fun for
anyone the blade move the blade I know
what the blade is and it's not
controlling me you're doing your best to
help me aren't you I can see the
conflict in your eyes I'll make this
quick what do you mean
by and then she slits your throat with
an almost clinical ease no her face
remains unchanged as she watches you
collapse to the ground blood flowing
from your butchered neck This is the End
isn't it this can't be the end I'm
afraid it is everything goes dark and
you
die I hope it was worth it that's not
what I want sad